Docs: Move ESNext to JavaScript tutorial (#23725)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/designers-developers/developers/tutorials/create-block/block-anatomy.md

# Anatomy of a Block

> At its simplest, a block in Gutenberg is a JavaScript object with a specific set of properties.

Reviewer: Do we still try to replace Gutenberg with the references to the block editor in the official docs? It would be then:
```suggestion
At its simplest, a block in the WordPress block editor is a JavaScript object with a specific set of properties.
```
